Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I was so in love with you. You got me down again. Hello, hello everyone and welcome to the Make More Offers Challenge. My name is Rebecca and I'm going to be your moderator this week. Now, until we are uh waiting for Myron to get on, he's is getting some water and getting ready for this beautiful call. Just going to go ahead and give you some announcements. Now, in the meantime, we would love to know where you're dialing in from. So, if you can let us know in the chat where are you now, where are you watching from, we would love to hear that in the mean Costa Rica. That sounds wonderful. In the meantime, a few announcements. Now, if you are here in this room, it means that you have a VIP ticket. It means that you have an extra hour to spend in this beautiful space and you get to hear Myron deliver a Q&A session with the Platinums. So, South Africa. Well, I'm based in Rwanda, so we are basically in the same time zone. Okay. So, if you have a platinum ticket, you get to actually ask the questions from Myin. Now, some of you might ask ask, "How come we should be in the space for a Q&A session?" That is not even where I don't even get to ask the questions. Now, once you've done a Q&A session, you're going to not have that question with you anymore because that will be answered. But that being said, we very often hear that people have their questions answered even because it becomes relevant for either someone is asking the question for them, they're having the same question, or because Byron just sometimes gives really long answers which means that he can end up answering exactly what it is that you wanted to know. So this is going to be an incredible session. I'm really excited to have everyone here. Now I can see that we already have some platinum members who are who know the game here, right? You've already went ahead and raised your hand. So if you have upgraded to the platinum tier, go ahead and get your hands raised. You can do that at the bottom of the screen. We have a button that says react and has a little heart on it. If you click that one, you can raise your hand. Now, we go in the order of who has asked the least amount of questions first and then we go with um who raised their hands first. Now, on day one, it's very simple, but on day five, you're going to have to trust that I keep count on who has asked how many questions because you might have asked more questions than the others, and you feel like it takes too long for you to get your question answered. Also, we do actually only guarantee one. So, if we have a lot of platinums, we don't necessarily get have time for more questions than one each. Now, please make sure that your name on the screen matches the name that you use to purchase the ticket with. So, if you have upgraded to platinum and your Zoom name says iPhone or something, business name, right? I can't I can't see that you're on my platinum list. I have a beautiful little list with all the platinum names and they're based on the list that you gave us. when you purchase your ticket. So, please make sure that the name on the screen matches that. Now, if you raise your hand and you're not on my list, I'm going to just lower the hand. And if you feel like you already upgraded to platinum, you can just send me a message and we will find your ticket and figure out why is it not showing up on my list. Now, uh that is enough, I think, for now for the platinums. For everyone here, please note that this is a familyfriendly environment. That means that we don't accept any form of profanity, which means Don't put it in the chat. Don't put it in the videos in the Facebook group. Don't add it when you're asking my questions. Don't put it in the comments. Don't post it. And if you're not sure what we mean by profaminity, we mean that if you wouldn't want your toddler saying it to your grandmother, just keep it out of the space. And it's simply because we very often do have toddlers in the background and they're listening in. And we want to make sure that everyone here feels safe and comfortable. So, please just keep that a nice and familyfriendly environment. And in general, just keep an eye on the face for group rules. We also do not allow recording. We will share the replay of these sessions and upload them to the membership platform, the mm occus. We upload the replays there and we make them available until the following day, 11:00 a.m. e um Eastern time, which means that the replay from today will be available in until tomorrow, 11:00 a.m. Eastern. Um but we don't allow other people to record, so we do all O remove the note takers and such because we can't really keep an eye on who is trying to record or not. Another thing is please get your cameras on. My has a 10 times better than money back guarantee. Now he's going to explain what that means, but it does require you to have your cameras on. And I think that's pretty much it from me in terms of announcements. My art thou ready? I Can't hear you now. Nope. Myself. You know, sing a little song while we're getting the tech. Like Marin likes to say, disruption follows intention. Whenever we have tech issues, it's usually an indication that we're going to have a really great session. So, let's see if we can get this working. And also, I already see some people who have not upgraded yet to platinum or are not on my platinum list who have raised their hands. I'm going to go ahead and lower your hand. Now, if you have upgraded with the additional $500 on top of the VIP ticket and I'm lowering your hand and you find that really annoying, that's totally fine. Just send me a private message here on Zoom with the email address that you used
to with. There you go. Hey, Myin.
Hey,
I hear you now.
I know. We literally just used that same microphone pack for YouTube live and it worked fine. So, it just stopped working because it wanted to wanted somebody not to get this. But y'all gonna get it anyway. You gonna get it. So, um, welcome to the Make More Offers challenge. This is number 52. That's crazy. Rebecca, make more offers challenge number 52. Um, we are going to have a fantastic time this week. Rebecca made some announcements. Um, I am going to explain what the 10 times better than money back guarantee. That does not mean if you don't like it, I'm going to give you 10 times your money back. So, if that's what you had your hopes up for, you are confused. Okay. But what it does mean is if you don't believe what you experienced this week was worth 10 times what you paid for it, I will give you a full refund and let you keep all the bonuses. And I think that's more than fair. And you get to be the complete judge of that whether or not you did. Now, here are the here are the caveats. In order for you to make sure that you qualify for your 10 times better than money back guarantee, you have to be on the call each day with your camera turned on so we can see that you are actually here and paying attention. I'm not giving you a money back guarantee if you decide to go watch the Flintstones instead of coming and being present on the challenge. Okay? Or you decide you'd rather be knitting in the background. Like that's not what the guarantee is for. The guarantee is for people who show up and are present in the challenge. Um that's announcement number one. Announcement number two, um I want y'all to understand that I teach business based on biblical principles. If that is offensive to you or you're triggered by that as much as I love you. You are in the wrong place and we will happily give you a refund this morning and we can still be friends. I have no judgment for you. But I am like I teach business from a biblical perspective. I talk about things I learned from the Bible about business. I talk about things I learned from the Bible about life. If that is offensive or triggering to you at all, I promise you, you are not going to have a good time this week. And I don't want to help you have a bad time. So like literally send an email to connect@myangolden.com and say, "I didn't know you were going to talk about the Bible and we'll just give you a refund with absolutely zero judgment. However, if you wait until Friday and say that, me and everyone else in this challenge will know that you are a liar and I will not give you a refund for that reason on Friday. So, I think we're all on the same page. And now the last announcement that I have is my apology. Oh, I have two more announcements. I'm going The next announcement I have is my apology. You say, "Well, what are you apologizing for?" I apologize in advance for all the sleep you are going to lose this week. And I know some of you think I'm just saying that and some of you think I'm joking. I am neither joking nor am I just saying that. I literally I'm apologizing for the fact when you're up at 3:00 in the morning staring at the ceiling with all these ideas popping through your head, I apologize in advance. So there. All right. So that's that's that one. And then next is um the last announcement is you know how you go to a webinar or a challenge or a live event and they pretend to teach you stuff but the whole time They're really just trying to get you to buy something. Anybody ever experienced that? Isn't that like the yuckiest thing ever? That's like it's to me it's disgusting. Well, I want you to know this ain't that. On this event, you will learn more in the Make More Offers Challenge this week than you've learned in a lot of 5,000 and $10,000 courses you've bought. And with that being said, like I'm not even going to try to get you to buy anything. However, I am going to make an offer on Friday to some of you. I'm not going to make the offer to all of you. I'm only going to make an offer to the people who want to see the offer. And I'm not even going to waste any of your challenge time doing it. I'm going to end the challenge and the people who want to see the offer will come to into the breakout room with me and then I'll show them the offer and everybody else, you don't have to come. How cool is that? So, we're not going to sp I'm not going to spend any time trying to get you to buy. Even when we go to the breakout room, I'm not going to try to get you by. I'm going to say, "This is what we created for you. If you want it, take advantage of it. If you don't, don't. Either way, love you. It's been really fun hanging out this week." Right? That's kind of how it's going to be. All right? So, those are all the announcements I have unless Rebecca knows that I missed something.
You did. You want to talk about why we take the replays down at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time the following day.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I definitely want to talk about that. Um, like why don't we leave the replays up all week because I don't want to be another person who's giving you more stuff to procrastinate with. One of Parkinson's law says that um task will expand to fill up the time given to them. If you have to until tomorrow morning at 11:00 a.m. to watch the replay, you'll do it. If you'll have until next Friday, you might not watch it once. And so what we do is we put constraints that cause you to do the things that are in your best interest. This is called the Make Offers Challenge. And one of the things that I do intentionally in the Make Offers Challenge is I make it challenging. This is not the Make Offers class. It's not the Make Offers course. It is the Make Offers Challenge. So, welcome to the challenge. All right. So, there that's it.
That's it. We're ready for some Q&A. Let's jump in. Let's jump in. Let's jump all the way in.
Yay. First up, we have a question from James.
James, talk to me, sir.
Good morning, Martin. Thank you for this wonderful opportunity.
Thank you. Thank you for being here.
My partner who is actually beside me on the uh monitor, Pamela Denov, we market to law law firms,
okay?
And we like to prioritize our offer. Uh and it includes includes coaching, it includes books, it includes artificial intelligence.
Okay,
a lot of things.
James, if you can do me a favor though, before you tell me all that, if you can start with your question and then I'll ask for the background information. Start with a question for me.
We'd like to know how to monetize it the most effectively.
Oh, cool. That's Yeah, that's So, if you're if it it it depends on what your model is. What first off first off, you want to create some audience attraction content. I call that community service content. That's what I would do. I would I would literally create content predominantly on YouTube and LinkedIn that's addressing pain points of attorneys. I.e. you spend seven or eight years of your life getting the education to become a lawyer. You spend maybe a year of your life studying for the bar and then you practice and you look so now you're you're licensed to practice law but they didn't teach you how to get any people to practice law for. Right? So addressing things like that at for lawyers, things that lawyers care about. You might want to create a video on how to increase your the price for billable hours. You might want to um um include a video on something like um how to hire parallegals or how to reduce like attrition when you're hiring people on your team, etc., etc., etc. Um how to like I I'm not a lawyer, but I could I know I could teach lawyers how to do this. Um how to grow a sevenfigure law firm or how to grow a six-figure law firm. You like if if you you want to track a lot of new lawyers like how to build a sevenfigure law practice your first year out of law school. That would be like a really enticing video for a bunch of lawyers, right? So, um, so you want to build audience attraction and then you want to do some lead generation, which I'm going to talk about today. So, I'm not going to tell you how to do that because then I'll be giving away what I'm going to teach today. So, you want to generate leads that are lawyers and then you want to sell them your core product. Your core product might be a book. Your core product might be be a um it might be a course. You sell them your core product. Might be a book for $20. It might be a course for 2,000. Okay, you sell them a course. You sell them a book, your core product. And then you want to create some premium value offers like a mastermind where you teach marketing law to lawyers. And um that's basically and if you want to model somebody, you've probably already heard of this individual. He's he's actually one of my past clients. Do you have you ever heard of Andy Stickle?
Absolutely.
Yeah. So model Andy Stickles business. He's not an attorney and he has built a multi- multi-8 figure business teaching lawyers how to grow their law practice. Was that helpful?
Yes.
Appreciate you, James. Thank you for being here.
Well, we're excited to be here for the rest of the week.
Let's go.
All right, Rebecca, who's next?
Yeah, just a kind reminder to or maybe not even a reminder. I might have missed that notification. Please start your question with my question. is and who, when, what, how, and then we'll get to the context afterwards. The next one is Pamela and she knows this very well. Hey Pamela, welcome back. I got to unmute first. Yes, this is my third time and uh my business partner Gray uh James who's a attorney for 30 years, we are going to uh really infiltrate law firms. So my question is How do we what is the best way to use a free um lead magnet which is an analysis for a law firm to infiltrate firms to create trainings and we have a book and we also have
what is the best way to infiltrate law firms with what?
With a lead magnet which is an uh free offer to to give them an analysis of their law firm.
A free analysis is of their law firm is not a good lead magnet. I wouldn't do that. If you're going to do an analysis for somebody, make them pay. Yeah. Um I wouldn't do that. What I would do is I would give them a free lead magnet on maybe how we do lead magnets. I'm not going to say what I would say in the lead magnet right now, but I'll say after I teach the training today, but you do that and then when you attract the leads, then you offer to do the analysis and maybe charge them $1,000 for the analysis or $2,000 for the analysis. And then you give them the analys is and then they can implement it with you and pay you for your coaching, which would be whatever that is. Let's say it's $25,000. Or they can take it to somebody else and get get that person to implement. Well, they're not going to take it to somebody else. They don't know anybody else to take it to. That's how I would do it. Does that make sense, Pamela?
Um,
except for the part about where I didn't tell you what to put in the lead magnet because I'm going to do that when we do this the challenge today. Right.
But I would not I would not like like um an analysis is not a good lead magnet. It's just it's because there are too many touch points. You want somebody to be able to anonymously and unilaterally take advantage of your lead magnet. You don't want okay well I'm going to give you a free analysis. So now you've got to get information more information from them and then give them something back. You want them to be able to you can't scale an analysis as a lead magnet. You can scale a free lead magnet that answers solves a problem for them. Something that you could have sold to them, but you give it to them instead. That's how I would do it. I would not give away the analysis as a lead magnet. That I mean, it sounds like a good idea, but it's definitely it's I I promise you if you if you try it, I'd be I'm I'm 90% sure that won't work. It won't it won't work at scale like you'd like it to.
Can you use a book? We've written a book to be a lead magnet.
You can, but you want you want something that's easy for somebody to consume. So I don't use books for lead magnets because now they got to read them. What I would use a one sheet, a checklist, a calendar, a spreadsheet, something simple to something really really helpful but simple to consume.
Does that make sense? Yes.
Because all the the only objective of a lead mag well the two objective a lead of a lead magnet. Number one is to get for you to get their name and email address and phone number. Number two for you to wow them. Okay? So you don't You know, you don't want a whole bunch of uh you don't want a whole bunch of back and forth. You don't want to create a lot of friction between you getting their information and not getting their information. Does that make sense?
Yes.
So, appreciate you, sister. Always good to see you.
Good to see you.
Thank you. Next up, we have Hannah. Or do you prefer Hannah Marie?
You can just say Hannah. That's just my my handle. Hannah Marie Romero. Thank you. Hi, That sounds like a poem. Hannah Marie Morra. Hannah Romero.
Rome. Yeah, that sounds
Yeah. What's up, sister? Talk to me.
My question is on what you'd recommend I position myself as. This is something that I've kind of like gone back and forth on. I currently position myself as a messaging expert because that's how I've scaled a multi-million dollar business and I've done it organically and without ads. And so, I know that that's my distinction piece. And so, My my my like tossup is do I lead with messaging expert or do I lead with like organic marketing expert because I've done this thing and I believe that this skill set is the thing that will make you the most amount of money but I've done it organically.
So, but are you teaching them how to do it organically or you teaching them how to do it with ads? You're teaching them how to do it organically.
I teach them how to do it organically, but I think that's why I've been torn because a lot of my clients, some of them do run ads and I can make those ads make even more money because of the messaging skills. So really what I'm known for is the messaging part.
Okay. So So here's here's the challenge that you're having. Um you're thinking about it like an insider and not like an outsider.
Okay. So instead of thinking about it from the standpoint of what kind of expert you are,
think it about it from the standpoint of what kind of problem you solve.
Yeah.
Right. And so now you become the person who helps people attract clients without having to spend a fortune to do it,
right? Like calling it organic,
people who know what organic means, they'll understand that, but people who don't don't. But here's what everybody knows. I would like to get more Every business owners know business owner knows I would like to get more customers without having to spend a fortune to do it.
Yeah.
So, if you can wrap your message in that, like um that you help business owners acquire more clients without spending a fortune to do it,
like position yourself as that because you want to position yourself as the person who can get the result. You don't want to position yourself as the person this is how I get the result.
Yes. Yeah. That's what I've been I think. Yeah. Absolutely. And I think that the biggest question comes up because there's a lot of business coaches who help you make more money. And my biggest thing is that I go like deep instead of wide. So I've done it with very little reach and low lead volume. So would you recommend I lead with the low lead volume for people because that's like something that they they appreciate or the no ad spend part?
I think all I what S when you say lead, if you're talking about creating community service content, lead with all of that. Create videos on all of that stuff. But if you're talking about like how you're positioning yourself, you show people how to scale their income without scale their revenue without scaling their expenses. That's what you really do.
Okay. Okay. So, high what I've said before is high profit, low expense. But you think I should position it as
high profit, low expense. That's fine. You help people scale their profits without scaling their expenses. That's fine.
Okay.
I think that's I think that's way better than leading with organic I think it's better than leading without better than leading with uh you don't have to spend money on ads. It's better than leading with being a messaging expert. Nobody's sitting around thinking, man, if I could just find a messaging expert.
No, that's people are not even sitting around thinking, man, if I could just figure out how to scale my business organically. That's all insider lingo.
Yeah.
Don't use insider lingo on the outside world.
No, your parents say you got the inside voice, you got the outside voice. We got insider lingo, we got outsider lingo. Use the outsider lingo when you're talking to people outside.
Okay. So, As for like core message, you think that it's scaling the helping you scale to that seven figure or multi-seig without you said high expenses.
Yeah. If you say seven figure or multiple seven figure, that's fine. But you don't even have to say that. You can just say I'm going to show you how to scale your profits exponentially without scaling your expenses. Like that's that's the thing people want. They want more money and less expenses. You know what people want? You know what people really want? They want big money and free time.
Yes. Which is what messaging gives them. So just lead on the front end. that. Okay.
Exactly.
Okay.
All right. Good stuff, sister. Appreciate you.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Thank you. Next up, we have Coriss. Is that correctly pronounced?
It's actually Coralus.
Corus. Thank you.
Yes.
That's a cool name. What does that mean? Coralus. What does that mean?
Coralus is old English and it means cheerful.
Cheerful. Go ahead with your cheerful self, girl.
Okay. All right. Well, wow. I'm listening to um the the last three speakers who all sound like they know what they're doing and so I feel a little shy to to ask you my question.
Oh, just be cheerful about it, sister. We all right. We all we all family here now. Let's go.
Okay. So, I um Well, let's see. Wait, wait, wait. It says, "Oh, my question is I got to figure it out in a second, but I'm a professional organizer."
Nope. You can't do that. No, no, no. You can't tell me you're a professional organizer.
I can't tell.
Well, you have to start the with I didn't hear that. Nobody heard it.
It's all good.
Question is, ask me the question first. How do I
How do I um create more How do I create better um attracting those individuals that I'm looking for? Um which is for virtual organizing. Um I'm trying to can't give you much information. I feel like I can't tell you everything.
I don't but I don't need to know everything. I I do I I'll I'll figure out what I need to know. If you could just ask me the question, then I know what I'm need I know where to put all the details.
It's like it's like if you give me all if you tell me all the background information like you gave me a bunch of stuff and I don't have any shelves to put it on. You give me the question first, I got the shelves.
Okay. So, I want to find I want to um lead generate more.
How do I generate more leads that
How do I generate more leads that get me virtual organizing client organizing clients who need my help during a one-hour session.
Okay. So, how do you get more clients for your virtual organization services for for your oneh hour consults?
Right. Before you answer that though, it's a it's a what? It's a um it's a um organizing session that I hold for a group a small group once a month.
Okay.
Okay. So, what does virtual organize mean? Virtually organized mean?
It means that I help you in a space in your home to get organized to to organize.
How How much do people pay you to be in that group?
$39.99.
$39 $199.
No, no, no, no. $39.99. It's $39.99. It's a small group organizing session where they find a space in their home that they need to have or that they want to organize something in their kitchen, some area in their kitchen, some area in their bedroom. They want to organize that and I will help them on that call. I already do it. I just want more. I want
No, I get I get that. I get that. So, here's my question for you. How do you do that with a group?
Other people are the group is watching. You help somebody else organize their stuff.
Everybody's organizing. I get everybody just like on this group here. I would start with you, Myin. Show me your space. I'm going to get you started. Go to the next person. Cynthia,
what's the most people you've ever had on one of those calls? What's the largest
you've had? 15 people on for
$39.95.
Do you love You must really love this.
Oh, I do. I'm very passionate about organizing. Very passionate. I can I can do 15. 15's a lot. Um that's the highest I've ever had. I gen
an hour for the space that they needed for their space. So I once I get everybody when I once I get everybody situated, then I go around. They can turn their camera off. They have to leave the volume on so they can hear me say, "Turn your camera on so I can see where they are
and take them to the next step."
So So 39.99,
but I but I want to stay between eight and 10 people.
Yeah. No. Okay. Okay. So basically, you want to stay between eight and 10 people. Let's call it 10. So you want to make $399 an hour.
It's just for that session. I only do that once a month. That's it. Okay.
Everything else is something else. I'm just talking about one specific thing.
Okay. So, here's what I would do. You you you may or may not like my answer. I don't know because because this is so fascinating to me because I've never heard of anything that even remotely close to it. Okay. So, so it's so fascinating. Um but what I would do if I were you, because I hate selling my time, and it sounds like you don't love selling your time either. That's why you only do it once a month.
How would you How would you like for me to share with you a way that you could get a thousand people a month and it still only take you one hour?
Okay, I'm open.
Okay, what I would do is figure out how many categories of spaces you organize. You help people organize
and you sell one person at a time that service. for that space. And they can pay either I'm I'm going to say they can pay $400 if you if they allow you to record you doing this with them and use it in your course and they pay $600 if they don't want you to use it. Okay. Now, here's what's going to happen. When you charge $400 for one person, It's going you're going to get it's going to take be way faster. In fact, for $400, if you can organize 15 people's spaces in one hour, you might be able to just use one person's space to do all the different categories of spaces that you organize. You record them and then instead of selling people a um live session where you're organizing 15 different people's spaces, you just record all the spaces that you organize, you turn it into a course and you sell that for somewhere between $299 and $1,000. And now you only have to do it once and it's recorded and you just keep selling it over and over and over. And no matter how many times you sell it, if you sell a thousand of them a month, it doesn't take any more of your time. That's what I would do.
Okay. I might be challenged by that, but okay.
Well, well, well, you are. You're gonna see a couple reasons you probably be challenged by that one. You're used to charging $39, so you don't think people will pay $400. Maybe. Is that potentially one of the reasons?
That's potentially one of the reasons.
Okay. Another reason is um you don't believe that people potentially will allow you to record you teach um organizing their space and let you use that in your course.
No, some of them will let me do that,
right? Someone that Yeah, that one. And the other one is you just love doing it so much that you don't want to do it and then record it and then not be able to do it anymore.
Um, no. Yeah, you're you're the latter is is probably correct. I do enjoy doing it. I do enjoy helping people. I do enjoy that interaction.
So So here's what you do. You can upgrade it as often as you like and add that to the course. It's so simple. And if you don't want to charge $400, charge 300. If you don't want to charge 300, charge 200. Pick a price that you can feel comfortable charging. I know people I know that people will if they'll pay $39, they'll pay 400.
And that may be hard for you to believe, but I'm telling you they will pay 400.
This is not me guessing. This is me knowing.
Mhm.
People pay me 40 $40,000 an hour
to coach. I literally have people that are I'm meeting with today that pay are paying me $40,000 for one hour of coaching. They'll pay you 400. I promise.
Okay. That belief.
I mean that a belief.
So I'm turn it into a course so you can scale it. That's my advice. Hopefully that's helpful.
That has been helpful. Thank you.
All right. Blessings. Next to next to Mundo. Rebecca an
I think I'm going to take Hannah's middle name. Rebecca Marie.
Rebecca Marie. There you go. There you go.
That's a good one. Okay. Next up is John.
John. Halah. Hala.
Hey. Hey my um you are the master of pricing. My question to you is if you are in my shoes, what would you price my product?
What is your offer?
Uh so we assess dating couples to see if they're compatible for marriage. And if they are, we take the success rate from 50/50 chance of success to 90% chance of a happy and success.
And when you assess them and you tell them they're not compatible, do they listen to you?
Um 60% of them do.
Really?
Yep.
That is absolutely fascate. Fasating. Okay.
Um, how much are you currently charging?
Um, we are currently charging $1,500 for five sessions. Two, um, for five sess five twohour sessions and we're moving into a So, it's two two pricing products that I need your help in. One is for oneonone and one is for one to many that we're developing right now.
Same results, just more work on their end.
Yeah. Um, I Trying to think of how to say this. Um, how many clients can you work with at a time, John?
Um, it's limited. It's probably
Oh, I know it's limited. I know it's limited. You're doing five twoour sessions
for $1,500.
Yeah. It's
You really hate You really hate your time, don't you?
Yeah. It's It's Yeah.
Exhausting. It's exhausting.
It is.
Yeah. I'm I'm going to tell you the same thing I told the last lady. Um, you just got to record the process, turn it into a course, let people assess themselves, and and then even if you keep the price the same and and and you certainly could raise it to at least $2,000, maybe even more. Now, you can sell it at scale and it doesn't take up your whole life. Um, and I know you're asking them questions, etc., etc., and they're giving you answers and you're assessing at that that business business model sounds so painful to me like I'm I am in anguish of soul thinking about doing what you just described.
So we are switching to a one to many model
okay that's way that makes me feel way better but even one to many for $1,500 for 10 hours to me sounds just exhausting and painful. So what would I charge for that? Well, I don't know what I'd charge for that. I wouldn't I wouldn't do it that way. I just like I wouldn't do it that way. I would I would I would put it in packaging where they can do it themselves. I don't want to I don't I don't I I love people. I just came from a big event we did in California. We had um we sold like 212 tickets. I love people, but I don't want to spend like 10 hours a week coaching people and finding out whether or not they want to they're going to Oh, that sounds so painful. 10 hours a week of coaching. The reason I charge $40,000 an hour is because I don't want to spend all my time coaching. So, my recommendation would be productize that service and sell it at scale. That's my advice. Um, what price should you sell that at? What what you're already doing? I don't know. Like, if you're going to keep doing it the way you're doing it, sell it for 15 grand, not a penny less. But then you got single people who are thinking about getting married who probably Some of them are not going to be willing to pay 15 grand, but it doesn't matter. Like if if you're saving them from divorce before they even get married, you're saving them half of everything. So, you just have to know how to position it like that. Um, is this your first business or is this a like a subsequent business?
It's actually um so it's my partner who my business partner is the counselor. He's the one that assessed us and we got married off of that. So, he pulled me and this is my that's so I'm trying to scale his business.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Um you want to scale his business and I don't know if he's on with you or not but you want to scale his business productize it. That that business model that you are talking about is exhaustingly painful in my mind as I envision it. And and and I know that's not what you came on here to ask me. I mean that that's not what you were hoping I was going to say. But like one I don't lie, but two if I did you paid me too much money for me to lie to you. So I'm going to tell tell you the truth and like as a business consultant, if somebody came to me and they're thinking about starting that business that you're in the way that you do it, I would recommend against it with everything that's in me.
Yeah.
Turn it into a product instead and sell it. If you want to sell it for $1,500, turn it figure out a way to turn it into a product that you sell for $1,500 on rinse and repeat. If you want to keep doing it as a group, sell it for $15,000.
So, so this is this is how I came in and did it. He did a 101. We're going to save the 101 for premium people. Uh because we do more than just prevent divorce. So for we prevent divorce and we get sniff out go diggers as well too.
So that right there is 101 for premium product and then once many
how much do you charge for that? How much how much you charge for oneonone premium product?
Um 10,000 to 15,000 somewhere around there.
Yeah. Yeah. Make it 15,000.
Okay. What about the one to many? They do it themselves.
I just put it productize it. Put it in a course sell it for 1,500 bucks
or 2,000. put it on an automated webinar and run traffic to it.
Okay.
Yeah, that's what I would do. Appreciate you, John.
Appreciate it. Thank you.
I don't want to be Mr. like the Grinch that stole everybody's business, but man, like I I and I don't want to poo poo on everybody's business, but like I have been doing this business consulting thing for a long time and I have helped a lot of business owners generate over a million dollars in revenue in a single day and a few of them generate over five million and a couple of them generate over $10 million in a single day. Like, I am not going to tell you that I think you have a great business model if I think it's terrible. I'm just going to tell you the truth. And I could be wrong. I could be wrong, but I'm probably not. So, appreciate you, John.
Thank you.
All right.
Thank you. Next up, we have Dr. Tubi. Is that correctly pronounced?
Yes, it is.
Hey, doc. How you doing?
I'm good. How are you, Mar? Good to see you.
Good to see you.
All right. So, my question is I have two converting offers and I want to know which one to focus on so I can reduce my coaching hours and scale my VIP experience.
Okay. So you you you want to know which offer to focus on f um what are one of them is a VIP experience. That's one of the offers. How much do you sell that for?
100K.
100K. And what's your other offer?
Um so I have a three-day lab where I help people convert their offers through virtual events.
So I spend three days and it's me and I teach them everything and then they go do their own events.
Do you do that one on oneonone or one on many
as a group?
Okay. How much do you charge for that?
Currently only 9,800.
Okay.
More of a warmer audience. So just charge 9,800.
Okay. So which one should you scale? I think if you scale the the group offer um that can become a great feeder program for your 100k VIP experience. That's the way I do it in my business. I have I have like lower offers like we just did this event in um so I've got a program called King Solomon's Court it's $55,000 right
but that feeds into my VIP experience which is 375,000 so we have similar business models just a little bit different pricing and um I know not everybody who's in my VIP has been in King Solomon's court but most of the people in who've done VIP in the past have come through King Solomon's court it's not true about all them, but it's true about a lot of them. Is that helpful?
Yes. But can I ask one more little thing?
Well, if it's a clarifying question, yes. If not, we're gonna have to come back to you.
Yes. Clarifying because how do I take it away from done for you? A lot of them, a lot of the VIP clients expect a done for you in the VIP.
Well, that Well, that's a totally different question because that's a totally different question.
That's what I'm offering right now. You
build a business and you build a business that makes money and hand it over to them. No, it's No, it's just that they in my VIP currently, it's more done for you, helping them with their script so they know what to say in their master class versus
Well, that's done with that's done with you. That's not done for you, right? So, done with you is fine, but done for you is not fine. I hate done for you.
Yeah.
If anybody tells me they're going to build me a multi-million dollar, multi6figure business and they're going to just I paid them 30,000 40,000 $50,000 and they're going to build it and just hand it over. I I automatically believe they're they're lying. Not that you would be lying. because that's not what you're saying. But there are people who say that. Oh, I'll build you a Shopify store. It's $30,000 and it'll make you $100,000 a year. If that were true, you just build it for yourself. What do you What do I look stupid? Anyway, there are people who do that, by the way. Um, so, um, yeah, I would scale. So, with my VIP offer, my $375,000 offer, none of it's done for you. Now, if they get eight hours of one-on-one coaching, but none of it's done for you. So, you don't don't you your the problem is your belief is that if you charge more, you have to put more of you in it. But the reality is if you're going to charge more, the thing you have to do is get people result faster. Does that make sense?
Yes, it does.
Cool. Good stuff, sis. Appreciate you.
All right.
Thank you, doctor.
Appreciate it.
Okay. Next up, we have an oldie but goldies. Samuel, I can win. Good to see you.
What my dude?
Good afternoon, Dr. Golden. Good afternoon.
What's up, Samuel?
I'm blessed, sir. And I pray you
back amongst us. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Small keys.
Good to see you, brother.
Thank you, sir. You, too. Uh, my question is, what are some practical and tactical ways for us to get clear on the character that we are in our marketplace? And just a quick context statement, that's
what are what are some ways we can do what? practical and tactical ways,
okay,
for us to get clear on the character that we are in our marketplace. And this is
what do you mean by character that we are? What does that mean?
Perfect. So, in your hour to empower 2015,
Wow. He went all the way back there. Okay. Okay. Hour to empower 2015.
About dominate the marketplace and crush the competition. That was the second.
Yes. Yep.
And you said that you shared about getting clear on the character that you are in your marketplace.
Okay. What what what I was what I was attempting to say in that which I didn't make clear is because I didn't understand it then like I understand it now um is to build your brand your personal brand. So what is a brand for those I'm going to give you the Myron Golden. A brand is a name that reminds you of a story. So your brand is what people think about when they hear your name. Now, um, a desirable brand is a brand that if I attach my brand to it, it makes my brand more valuable or more desirable. A premium brand is a desirable brand that I'd be willing to pay a lot of money to attach to my brand. It's why people wear Louis Vuitton. That's why people wear a Coach. or or um Christian Deor, all these different high-end brands. They don't they're not spending a hundred times more money. Like you go to Walmart, you buy a belt, it's $8. You go to Louis Vuitton and buy a belt, it's 800, right? Like the leather that Louis Vuitton uses is not 8 is not a hundred times better than the leather that Walmart uses. Well, maybe is um but it but but but you know what I mean, right? So, so they're not charging based on the material. They can't charge a hundred times more because of the material they use. They charge a hundred times more because of whose name is on the product. That's it.
Right? And so, so you're everybody whether you know it or not, the thing that you're really working towards in life is to build a desirable premium brand. That's the real that's like how do you win the game of life and business? You build a desirable premium brand. That's the That's how you win at everything. It's how you win in real estate. It's how you win in insurance. It's how you win in multi-level marketing. It's how you win win in coaching. It's how you win as an author. It's how you win as a speaker. What do I mean by that? You build a desirable premium brand. What I mean by that is you become the person people say yes to before you they know what your offer is. Why? Because your brand has already pre-indoctrinated them. Is that helpful, Samuel?
It is. So, why why would is the that some so with that in mind practical steps for
there's there's only there's only there's only one practical step tactical step there's only one step and I can give it to you are you ready and I'm going to quote Frank Kern prove to people that you can help them I'll add to it okay prove to people that you can help them and then I'm going to add my golden to it over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again by actually helping them
that's the practical step and so what you do is you de you demonstrate your confidence and your competence in front of your in front of the world and your ideal audience says I've been looking for him my whole life. You demonstrate your confidence and competence in front of the world. How do you do that? You can do it on YouTube. You can do it on Instagram. You can do it on LinkedIn. You The best place to do it. Are you ready, Samuel?
The best place to do it is everywhere.
Makes sense.
How's that for practical and tactical? That's super practical, super tactical, and it makes because you you must be that person if everywhere you show up, you show up like that. Show up.
Exactly. Exactly.
Appreciate you, brother. Good to see you again, man. I hope the family's doing well.
You're welcome, sir. Thank you, sir. God bless.
Tell Robbie I said hello.
All right. Next to Mundo.
Next to Mundo is Alexander.
Alexander. Holla. Holla.
Hey, Myin. Hala. Holla.
How you doing, brother?
I'm great. It's Awesome to be here.
I love that logo. That's fantastic.
Thank you.
All right, talk to him.
So, my question for you is, what should I do first to take back my time and focus on building an audience and delivering one to many?
Okay. What What's your area of expertise? Who do you help and how do you help them?
So, I currently set up LinkedIn outreach systems that start conversations for coaches, consultants, trainers, speakers, and close high ticket anywhere between 5K to 100k deals
and what do you char what what do you charge and I mean how much do you charge and what do you charge for doing what's the work what's the deliverable
okay so basically I guide them through the entire process so I have a proven process for setting up the system booking calls
so so this is the so the whole thing that you sell is coaching
oneonone
a large amount of it is coaching yes
but essentially the way I've been framing it is the inst and implementation of a system.
Okay.
And so they go through certain trainings that I've pre-recorded and then I get on calls and actually help them implement.
But
can I add a little contingency to that?
Uhhuh. Please.
A lot of a lot of the people that I've been working with,
if I would just give them a course, they wouldn't know what to do until they get on a call with me and then I basically kind of pull it out of them. You know what I mean?
Yeah. So it depend it depends on how you want to do it. I mean, the first part where you're teaching them how to do that is I think is really really cool. The part where you have to get on the a call with him sounds exhausting to me. Um,
yeah. I mean, and not scalable.
And not scalable. So, what I would do is I'd figure out how to train an AI agent on that part of it.
Okay.
On the part that you're doing.
Why an AI and not a person?
Um, because person might cost you. It just depends and maybe you're okay with that. A person might cost you to who's going to be able to do that might cost you, I don't know, a couple hundred grand a year.
AI, it might charge you cost you $39 a month.
Yeah.
Right. And it's automated. You don't want to you don't want to automate what you could what has to what needs to be delegated, but you also don't want to delegate what could be automated.
Okay?
Does that make sense? If your objective is scale, how many people do you have on your team
right now?
It's primarily me and I just have contractors, but I do all the stuff.
Okay. And how much revenue did you do? How how long ago did you start this business?
Started it three years ago.
And how much revenue have you done year-over-year? First year, second year.
Okay. First year was probably like 40k, then about 100, and then I think I'm one probably 150 160 this year.
Yeah. You you're you're doing you're doing great. How old are you? you if you don't mind me asking because you look really really young.
I'm 26.
26.
26.
26. Wow. I wish I was that smart at 26. Sheesh.
Wow. Okay.
We didn't have the internet though when I was a kid. Yeah.
Um Um So yeah, I'm going to tell you right now, um I would figure out a way to create an AI agent or hire somebody to create an AI agent. But I I think you can figure it out yourself. Create an AI agent. that does the part that you do and then when you're showing them how to implement it, you create prompts that they that prompts them to prompt the AI and then it goes back and gives them the information that you would get them. You train the AI on your methodology and then you utilize that AI and helping them do it for themselves. How much do you charge per client right now?
For 12 months, 20K for 12 weeks, 6K.
Yeah. Um
and honestly, my the main my main hesitation around AI is that a lot of my clients aren't doing a great job. And this could be something where it's like a cross-ell because even even Hannah mentioned that she works on positioning. A lot of what I do is people who basically aren't properly positioned and therefore having trouble with sales.
Yeah.
And so before I even launch the system and get them leads, I have to work on that with them.
Yeah. But but the last thing you want to do as an entrepreneur is scale a broken system. Not your system for making LinkedIn work and doing reachouts on LinkedIn is broken. That's not broken. But the way that you're executing it feels broken to me.
Okay.
And what I would do is I would make it more automatable and more delegatable.
Um either and or both. Um like I I just don't I hate selling my time because I feel like when I'm selling my time, I'm selling my soul.
Well, that's why I'm here.
Yeah. So, I would recommend highly that you figure out a way to productize. Sounds really interesting. Um and I think I think you're not giving your ideal avatar enough credit when you say they won't be able to figure it out if you turn it into a course.
Okay.
If they're the right people, they'll figure it out. I mean, you figured out the whole thing from scratch.
Yeah.
All they have to do is figure it out from where you already got them to. That sounds like way more doable than figuring out what you figured out from scratch.
Okay.
So, I would definitely turn it into a core. Like the more you can do to remove yourself from the activities of the business as a business owner, the easier it's going to be for you to scale because we will not work to scale an activity that we hate
or even one that's just unpleasant. So hopefully that's helpful.
That is helpful. Thank you.
Appreciate you. Alexander the Great, ladies and gentlemen. Okay. So appreciate you. All right, Rebecca. Next amundo.
Uh next I would like to have that middle name next time. The great. You've never called me that, Martin.
Rebecca the Great.
Rebecca the Great. You're Okay, next up we have another question from Pamela.
Yes, Pamela.
Yes. Okay. So, how do we uh proliferate? How do we get AI to law firms in a meaningful and powerful way?
Well, I get AI to law firms for what per to what end?
Well, that said um the new there's new things that that help that make them their work done in a fraction of the time. uh there's uh that it will help them to become more profitable because they won't be spending time doing things that AI can do.
Okay. We have the opportunity to represent this AI firm company.
Yeah. So again, what I um I think it was Hannah I told this to like just don't speak inside their lingo in the outside world. They they don't need to know that you're using AI. They just need to know that you can help them get more work done in less time. Like um like the ultimate leverage for lawyers, for instance, if I were going to call something. I'm just making that up. The ultimate leverage for lawyers, how to get more work done in less time so you can make more with your billable hours. Like every lawyer would know what that means without me having to use AI and then I have to go start talking to them about a whole bunch of things about large language models and a whole bunch of insider lingo that they don't even understand. Anyway, here's what people care about. It doesn't matter who your ideal avatar is, who who your ideal client avatar is. It doesn't matter. They all want one thing, the result they want. And if you talk to them about you can help them get the result they want, they will buy from you.
So could you repeat what you said? The what that helped them to do what
the the ultimate leverage for lawyers. How lawyers can get more done in less time so they can get more from their billable hours. They can get more for their billable hours or they can have more bill they can have more hours to sell for billable hours. Just depending on how you want to say it so that a lawyer says, "Man, I have to have that." Does that make sense?
Okay. So, don't say anything about AI. No,
I wouldn't. Does Does if you have you ever had surgery?
Yes.
On anything?
Yes.
Did the doctor talk to you about his scalpel and his steth stethoscope?
No.
Okay. So, it doesn't matter. Let that be your proprietary whatever intellectual property, knowhow, skill set. Like if a plumber is going to come unstop my toilet. I don't care what tools he uses. It doesn't matter like a if a videog like let's say let's say trained for it. They have to be trained for to use it themselves.
That's fine. That's that's all well and good. That's all well and good if you got to train them to use it for themselves. You sell them what they want and then you deliver what they need in order for them to be train they they have to be trained on it to get the result they want. Great. If you say, "Hey, would Would you like me to train you on AI so you can get the result you want? No, I don't have time. You're When you give people too much information that does not help them make a yes decision, all you're doing is muddying the water. You're making it harder for them to say yes to something they already desire. Does that make sense?
Yes, it does.
Pamela, I appreciate you so much, sis. I'm so proud of you. I know I always say you're probably tired of me saying that, but I'm I'm gonna keep saying it anyway.
Can I tell everybody how old I am?
Sure.
Okay. I'm 76 years old. and
crushing it out here killing the game in the law in the law field. You go girl with your bad self with your bad self.
And uh and thanks to Myron, I now have created a group a group process. I'm no long literally doing one-on-one. Yeah.
And uh and we started a new business with my business partner who's on here. We're we're going to make millions of dollars together.
100%. I believe in you, sister. Keep up the great work. So proud of you.
Good stuff. All right, Rebecca, do we have time for another one or no?
We Dude, we have time for one more. One more. Let's do one more.
Let's do one more.
We got another one from Hannah.
Hannah. Halah hala. Hannah,
I have asked um a part of this question before a long time ago to you, but um how what is your position on scalable versus like not as scalable full access offers to you? Do you have a certain limitation in business where you get to a certain place and you recommend like scaling back more one-on-one work and going full-blown to scalable offers? Yeah. Don't do any more one-on-one that makes you happy.
Okay. And price and price-wise for oneonone, do you recommend that that just continues to increase based on that?
I I I think I think it needs to continue to increase until it gets to the point where like I don't really want to do this, but I don't mind.
And and maybe that's just me.
Okay.
Like it's not that I don't want to talk to the people. I love people.
Yeah.
I love the people that I'm going to be coaching with today.
Yeah.
But I don't think the average person can even begin to fathom how much mail I have to open on a given day, how many people reach out to me by phone, how many people reach out to me via email, and I still have to get my stuff done for my business, and I still have to get my stuff done for my family.
Yes.
So, time is the thing that I have in such limited supply, I have to be very, very hyper intentional about how I use it. So, like, charge a price that makes you happy
and don't do any more of it. then you can be happy doing.
Okay. So, there's not like that's your formula essentially.
That's my formula. Yeah. Because it's that number those numbers are going to be different for everybody. I've got a guy in my King Solomon's court who loves one-on-one coaching, man. Sell it till the cows come. Like, get yourself booked up all day, bro. I would want to jump out of a first floor window. If I jumped out of a second floor window, I'd hurt myself.
I love it so much. I think where I'm torn is I have a hybrid 101 mastermind offer that's like 60k a year. and it takes up a lot of my time and
but but the reason you made it the reason you made it 101 is because you think because it's 60k it has to be but it doesn't.
Okay.
A 60k offer can be all group.
Okay. And my 100k offer I can focus on just I think that's that'll be my focus for 2026 is just reserving that for a handful of people that want that private
access. My million-doll offer I only take five I'll only have five people at a time maximum. I'm not going let seven people pay me a million dollars a year for coaching
for that level of coaching. And my maximum on my VIP days, my VIP day plus for 375,000, I'm not taking any more than 20.
And there might come a time I'm not taking any more than 10, but the maximum I'm taking is 20.
So,
okay. Okay, perfect. I'm going to make that change then for 2026.
Good stuff, sister. Appreciate you.
All right, Rebecca, let's go to break.
Rebecca the Great. I'm going to call myself that until you start joining Myron. Okay, so What's going to happen now is that Marin's going to take a very quick break. He's going to get some water and snacks and whatever it is because he's need to get you will see he's going to get energized. Okay. So, in the meantime, I would love to take some testimonials from people who were here in the Zoom room for the past hour. If you have every anything that you want to share about your aha moment, something that was just an interesting takeaway or an important shift uh that you Thank you, Tammy. Tammy Freeman, I love you already. Please do uh raise your hand because then we're going to take a quick testimonial. And while you get your hands up, please don't be shy. We love to hear from you. While you get your hands up, I'm just going to go ahead and welcome the Facebook group. Welcome to the Make More Offers Challenge, day number one of challenge number 52. Uh I'm have just a few announcements for you. The replays for from today, the replay is going to be available until 11:00 a.m. Eastern time tomorrow. Now, if you're in a general admission, you're going to be able to watch the replay in the Facebook group. It's going to be pinned to the featured tab. It's actually the same link as you're using right now. If you're in the FA Facebook group watching this, if you are in VIP VIP Platinum, this replay from the Zoom room is going to be downloaded and then uploaded into the membership portal when it says w w.mmcbun n us. So where you found the the Zoom link, that's where you're going to find the replay as well. They're both going to be taken down at 11:00 a.m. Eastern time tomorrow, okay? So make sure that you watch it before that. Also to the Facebook group, I've already mentioned this to the VIPs. This is a family-friendly environment. So that means we don't allow any profanity anywhere. Okay? So not in the chat, not in the videos, not in the questions, not in the comments, not anywhere. Also, don't even send each other messages with profanity in it. Okay? Because this is a we want to keep this a familyfriendly environment. If you don't know what that means, if you're uncertain about what we mean about profanity, if you wouldn't have your toddler saying it to your grandmother, just keep it out of this space. Thank you. Now, also remember to familiarize yourself with the Facebook rules. We have a couple of rules in there which includes no self-promotion. We're not here to sell any pitch to each other. We are here to learn and grow together. Also, no recordings. So, just make sure that you familiar familiarize yourself with those rules. And then lastly, get your workbooks out. You should have either received a text or an email with the workbooks. If you don't if you can't find it, you can find it in the Facebook group under the featured tab. If you still can't find it, don't worry. Just get your pen and paper. Everything will be fine. We keep the workbooks there. They're not being taken down. So, you can take your notes and um We'll take it from there. Okay. I would love to hear for the rest of you. Those of you who haven't raised your hand yet, please don't be shy. We want to hear from you. This is a space where we get to share. So, we would love to hear from you. Please raise your hand. First up, I'd like to hear from Hannah. Hi. I know I just went, but um I asked a question earlier as well and just got clarity on um what it's going to look like and how I lead my movement that I have created and this business that I have scaled to be able to reach more of those six figure entrepreneurs hoping to get to seven with like Myron said to lead with how I can do it in a high-profit low expense way so that they can actually keep more of their money and be scaling their business in an organic way. Um, and so I'm so excited about that and I'm going to focus in on that $100,000 offer that I have and kind of reserving that as like my private one-on-one where I can really deep dive to help people scale in that way. So, I'm excited for the clarity. It was so good.
That is amazing. K, we're gonna I think we're gonna hear a lot from you throughout this week, especially because Wednesday is going to be on premium offers, which is one of my favorite days.
So, that's so much fun. Yeah, it's going to be so much fun to hear how that's going to shift for you. Thank you so much for sharing and thank you for being here.
Okay, next up, I would like to hear from Dr. Tuby.
Hey. All right, so yeah, so excited to be here. I just got some confirmation and clarity just with scaling my group offer and then just getting that release that I don't have to do anything for anyone. So exciting. Um I mean I've been knowing that but it's just been just wanted to hear from my himself to say you know what done with you. You don't have to do it. He's not even doing it. His $375,000 VIP. So for my 100k VIP day you know my zone of genius is strategy. I can get people fast results but I don't have to do anything for them. So I am just grateful for that confirmation and I'm going to tell everyone that my told me so. So so thank you so much for the awesome time and I can't wait to learn even more.
Amazing. Thank you so much and thank you for sharing. Thank you for being here. I'm also noticing that we're getting a lot of hands raised from the platinum members. I hope it doesn't mean that the VIPs who didn't upgrade to platinum yet haven't benefited from this session. Also remember that Marin is really encouraging everyone to, you know, record themselves and upload videos and just speak out loud to get everyone comfortable speaking on camera. So if it is something something that you feel a little bit shy about, I would say it's an extra opportunity for you to actually practice this skill. So, please let us hear from you. Okay. Next up, I would like to hear from Pamela. So, good to have you back.
Yes. So, good to be back. So, the thing that really stood out to me before, it never occurred to me to to sell AI without using AI, you know, like just saying the word AI, but to actually talk about the result as opposed to uh Yeah. I, you know, could have hit me with a could have had a V8. Okay, thank you.
That was a quick one. Thank you so much and thank you for being here. You're just such a good energy to have in this space and you got a lot of love also in the Facebook group chat. Can see that people there's someone who said, "I love that you're proud of your age." And I love that too. It's just such a blessing having you here and showing everyone that life really starts in the 70s, isn't it? That's the feeling I'm getting from you. Thank you so much for sharing and thank you for being here. Okay. Next up, I would like to hear from Corus.
All right. Thank you. There's a saying um that when the student is ready, the teacher will appear. I have been waiting for a while to work with Myin. I've been watching him and watching him. I am so excited to be here today. When he said for me to um I said to product the service that I have or the service that anyone has and to um create categories and re pre-record these and sell them that way. That meant a lot to me. Although it may be a little bit of a challenge, which is what he loves. Um I'm always up for the challenge. So, I am eager and excited to move along this week and learn something new and implement everything that is taught.
Amazing. Thank you so much. Thank you, for sharing and thank you for your great questions. I think people really benefited from the back and forth that you and Myin had. So, thank you for being here. Next up, I would like to hear from Alexander.
What's up, guys? Yeah, so I got a chance to ask Myin a question and initially I was going to ask him about YouTube and marketing and I decided just to kind of like take a step back and ask him what he believes I should focus on first. And he answered with something that I never would have thought of of on my own, but I'm so glad that I asked that question. Um, I will hopefully get another chance to ask him about YouTube, but it was just great to know like, you know, what are the next steps for me in my business at the moment. So, highly recommend talk to Myin.
Amazing. Thank you so much and thank you for sharing. And yeah, I look forward to hearing your YouTube question later this week. Um, next up, I would like to hear from Susan. Uh you're gonna There you go. Hi.
Hello. Um Myin Golden He's didn't just teach me business principles. I've learned so much. It's not um he helped me transform the way I think, the way I lead, the way I serve the people that I serve. I am um obviously American. However, I do speak two languages. I speak Spanish. So, I help a lot of the Hispanic community. Um, and he taught me that, you know, it's based by faith and not fear. Um, because of me being American, um, it creates a lot of conflict. So, um, it made me realize that he didn't just help me elevate my business, he elevated my life in a spiritual, mental, and a very purposeful way. It's not just always about financial.
Well, that is so beautiful. Thank you so much for sharing and thank you for being here. It sounds like uh it is not your first time being introduced to Marin. Sounds like you've been following for a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you so much for that. Uh next up, I would like to hear from Rammon.
Yes.
Hello. Um so I feel like I just logged on at 11 and everyone was already answering questions. Am I behind? Did I lose like did I get on too late or something? So, we've been going we've been on for an hour now. Um, but we will upload the replay.
Perfect.
To the portal. So, you'll you'll be able to catch it. It will be available until 11:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Okay. So, I'm I must have gotten the time zones wrong, but okay. I'm I'm here. I'm I'm just excited to be here. I've been watching his uh everything for a while now, and I'm excited to get some um hands-on experience here in the challenge.
Amazing. Thank you so much, I think you're going to have even more takeaways once you get the chance to watch the replay.
Yes. Yes. Yes. I'm on town tomorrow.
Amazing. Yeah. Thank you so much. And thank you for being here. Next up, I would like to hear from Johnny.
Hello. Yeah. I um I just love the fact that so many people like everyone here is extremely confident in their offer. And I I mean I sell high ticket and I was hearing hearing from multiple people that are selling higher ticket from me and just being around that and then hearing the back and forth uh with Myron encouraging a to a couple of people to 10x the current offering. It just the confidence is exuding in this space and it's just I'm grateful that uh you and Myron are creating this and for everyone who shared in the last session. I love that so much. Thank you so much for sharing. So, we do want to get into the session and we're just going to take one more and then we'll have chance for more testimonials for the rest of the week. But I would like to hear from Civilu. Is that correctly pronounced?
That's that's correct. Rebecca are great. Um, yeah. Can am I audible?
Yes, I can hear you. Okay, cool.
Yeah, great. Thanks. Uh, so this is my first time uh on this program and uh friend of mine who's also on here actually pulled me in to say let's join. So I'm actually super glad that he he pulled me into this um because I think really I mean it's it's it's going to help a lot in terms of my business where I do consulting in in the insurance um space whereby I find businesses uh insurance partners to partner with uh for their clients by finding um better commercials and and and structures that will help their business grow. So for me, I think it's very highly relevant in the sense that um I can then you know get better ways of getting better and bigger business uh because I'm not looking to do volume business but I'm hoping to do you know smaller quantities but bigger deal sizes or check sizes. So so I think for me it it It's it's uh this is really going to help and listening to everybody early on has been really quite helpful to understand the flavor of what this is about. And lastly, I think just based on some of the comments from from everybody um I've you know the second part of my business, second half of my business is once I've placed the business then I come in and assist with business support and performance support to help you know sales growth, distribution growth and so on. So I'm keen to look at AI solutions to help me with that so that I don't have to bulk up in terms of staff but I can actually use smart solutions from AI perspective to help me uh do the business analysis better for my clients and yeah I'm from South Africa so yeah
I was just about to say you sound African
okay well thank you so much for sharing I'm going to look forward to see what other um takeaways you're going to have throughout the week I think especially the Wednesday is also going to be fun for you okay So, uh, we are going to jump into the general admission session, but first we have a very short video. I'm going to ask Michael from the team to play that and then after that, Marin is going to take it away. So, Michael, as soon as you're ready, I worship God, not Myon, but I believe Myron is an instrument of God, and he's playing the music that we need to hear to make our lives stronger, to serve the people we need to serve. The information is like invaluable and I keep thinking like eventually he's going to run out of stuff to say. It's going to be stuff that I'm hearing that I heard before and it keeps just more stuff like how how are you coming up with this stuff? How do you know this much about life? It was just it was worth so much. It was so valuable. I literally feel like the wealth approaching me. I feel it with every word that he speaks all over my body. I feel energized because I know this is the place that I'm supposed to be.
What I did in a week, I was able to do it in a day. So when I tell you that the stuff that this man teachers is real. It has changed my life.
I was going to present a $5,000 offer to my client, but instead I presented one for $150,000 and they said yes. Come on, somebody.
I was inspired. I learned so much. Very excited to hear information that I was able to turn around and implement right away.
Let me tell you, I learned more in 5 days than I learned in an entire quote unquote university. the the information that I got from Myin in the 5 days gave me everything I need to go out and to do a six figure month.
I've been on a lot of challenges, a lot of classes. Biz have outranked all of them bar none.
Hey, what's up everybody? Ros here. Just want to give a testimony for and uh for my business right now. I knew this was something I needed. So, I expected I had very very high expectations. Well, as a VIP member, in the first 30 minutes, he had already clipped the value that I was looking for. I mean, this guy is absolutely amazing. The challenge is awesome. The people in there and the the just the the the camaraderie and community that will help you grow uh to another level.
It's a he the man is giving you a whole bunch of knowledge. I have to piggyback off that upgrading. Please, if y'all just in general mission and y'all can't come backstage to get this information, my golden is gold people.
I love these videos. Okay, welcome back everyone. Myin, art, thou ready for a general admission session? Still can't hear you
here in Py Square.
There you go. Hi, I can hear you now.
Hey. Okay, so here we go. Um, couple of announcements for the general mission. And number one, um, the replays of this session will be up until tomorrow morning at 11:00 a.m. And after that, it comes down The reason we do that is because we don't want to give you something else to procrastinate with. This is this is called the make more offers challenge. It is not the make more offers class. If I left the replays up all week, y'all would put it off until Friday and then maybe attempt to like binge watch all of them. So, we take them down the next day because everything that we do each day builds upon the day before. And for instance, like today I'm going to teach you about lead generation. Tomorrow I'm going to teach you about core product offers. The next day I'm going to teach you about premium value offers. The day after that, I'm going to teach you about continuity offers. Then I'm going to show you how to put it all together. And I'm going to give you an outline that you can use to go create a coaching program and like send you off to the races. But if I left stuff up here for y'all to procrastinate with, you keep putting it off, putting it off, putting off, putting off. This is a very intense week. And so that's why we take the um the replays down at the end of each day. So before we start the next session, we take the one down from the day before. Um, number two, um, Rebecca already told y'all about the no profanity rule, but I'm going to say also I'm sorry for those of you who um are going to lose sleep this week. It's it's not it's not like it's not it's not avoidable, unfortunately. I it happens every time we have a challenge. And people think I'm just saying that, and I know you're probably one of those people thinking, "Oh, yeah, whatever, bro." Cool. Okay. Okay. Well, report back tomorrow. Okay. That's all I'm going to say. Report back tomorrow. Um, and the last thing is, um, I do use the Bible to teach what I teach. So, for the people in general admission, I want you to know also that, um, if the you are offended by the Bible or if you're triggered by the Bible, you're probably not going to enjoy this space. And if you um, if you're not if you if you're offended by it, then we want to give you a refund today, like before you even get started. So, take your um take this email address down. Send an email to connect@myonggolden.com. connecting golden.com and say, "I didn't know you were going to be teaching from the Bible." Yeah, I don't I'm not a fan of that. Whatever. I got no judgment for you, but I do have a refund for you. And um because the space is not going to change. I'm going to talk about God. I'm going to talk about the Bible. I'm going to talk about Jesus because that's where I learned all this stuff from. And I'm not going to hide that to make people feel comfortable. So, if that's offensive to you, I understand and I respect it. I'm just tell that's why I'm telling you up front. I'm not trying to sneak one in on you. Okay. So, um I think I made all my announcements, didn't I, Rebecca?
I don't think you talked about what's going to happen on Friday after
I did not. I did not. So, I did not. Um how many y'all you know how people they pretend to teach you something in a challenge or a webinar or whatever, but their whole time they're trying to get you to buy something? This ain't that. Um you're going to learn more during these five days, even in general admission than you've learned in a lot of $5,000, $10,000 courses you bought. Um, I am not going to try to sell you anything. I'm not going to try to get you to buy anything. On Friday, I'm going to make an offer to the people who want to see it. I'm not going to make the offer to everybody. I'm only going to make the offer to people who want to see it. I'm not going to use any of the challenge time to make the offer. I'm going to wait until the challenge is over and then the people who want to see the offer can meet me in the breakout room and I'll show them what we've created for you. And everybody else, cool. You don't have to come. How cool is that? I think that's pretty stinking cool. Okay, so Those are my announcements. Um, but it'd be I would be a liar and a hypocrite if I'm calling this the make more offers challenge and I didn't make you an offer. Like, how can you teach me how to make an offer? He didn't even demonstrate what it looks like. Okay. Well, we're not going to do that. We're going to be we're going to keep it real here. So, let's get into our workbooks. Make more offers challenge. Day one. Make more offers challenge number 52. Day one, workbook one, page one. What is an offer? I mean, if we're talking about making more offers, we need to know what an offer is, don't we? An offer is the opportunity you give a potential client to exercise their desire to buy or otherwise obtain the thing or the things that you've helped them realize that they've desired all along at a price that you previously decided on and they've subsequently agreed to which they now expect to use to make their experience of life exponentially better. What does that mean? An offer is not begging. It's not pleading. It's not convincing. It's not congealing. It's not coercing. And Offer is just giving people an opportunity to say yes or giving people an opportunity to say no. Tell me yes or tell me no. Tell me now. I got to go. That's an offer. Okay, y'all got it. Page two. Today we're talking about offer science. Now, each day we're going to talk about something different. Today's offer science and lead generation offer. Tomorrow's offer strategies and the lead conversion offer. The next day is offer scripts and the customer ascension offer. Day four is offer systemization and the customer retention offer. And day five is the offer stack. Putting it all together. together. So page two, what is science? Because we're talking about offer the science of lead generation. What is science? Science is the intellectual and practical activity encompassing a systematic study of the structure and behavior of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment. An important side note about the science of a thing is that it must be observable. It must be repeatable and it must be predictable. That's what science is. It's observable. The reason it's predictable is because it's observable and repeatable. That's why it's predictable. Like gravity works every time. How many notice that gravity works every time? It doesn't work most of the time. It doesn't work 99.999%. Gravity works every time. Okay. So, the reason we started this challenge is to get to accomplish the purpose of learning especially about offers. Too many people think that listening is learning. They think that reading is learning. They think that watching is learning. The reason people think these things is because they think that the primary purpose of learning is knowing. Knowing is not the purpose of learning my people. The purpose of learning is mastery. And if you haven't mastered it, you have not learned it. That's why we need iterations. Iteration after iteration after iteration. What does iteration mean? You have to do it again and then do it again and then do it again and then do it again and then do it again and then do it again and then do it again. And eventually you're going to figure out how to do it so well that it's going to work. Most most of the time when you do it. How cool is that? So, the purpose of learning is mastery. Well, what is mastery? That's a great question. Mastery is my ability to execute effortlessly without the use of conscious resources. I can do it as skillfully and effortlessly as tying my shoe. What's going to happen in your business when selling for you is as skillful and effortless as tying your shoe? What's going to happen for you when content creation in your business is as skillful and effortless as tying your shoe? Well, what's going to happen then is you going to blow up from the flow up. Why? Because you have now accomplished mastery. In fact, the reason people feel overwhelmed in their lives and in their business is because they learn about something, think they learned it, but they're not really clear, and then they learn about the next thing and think they learned it, and they stack the second thing on top of the first thing and then they stack the four fourth thing on top of the third thing and they're not really clear on any of it. Before you know it, they got 15 stories of stuff they kind of know something about sort of and they're using all of this mental bandwidth to hold the house of cards together. But when you master one layer at a time, you master the foundation and you can do it in your eyes, I mean in your eyes, in your in your sleep with your eyes closed and one hand tied behind your back. Now you got it mastered. And then when you do that, you stack the next skill on top of it. And then you master that. Like when I'm playing the guitar and I'm learning a new song, I'll learn the first part and I'll get the first part down. Guess what I'm going to do? Next thing I'm going to do is I'm going to learn the second part. Then I'm going to put those two parts together. And by the time I get done adding all the parts together, all the bars. Let's say I learned four bars, then I learn four more bars, then I learn four more bars, then I learn four more bars. But and next thing you know, I got the whole song. But I don't attempt to memorize the whole song at I don't even attempt to memorize but learn how to play the whole song by ear from the start to finish from the beginning it would sound terrible. Okay, so you want to stack mastery on top of mastery. I call that mastery stacking. Mastery stacking is why people who are like among the best in the world in their arena make something really really hard look so stinking easy. They make it look like Tiger Woods in his heyday made it look like anybody could play golf. Michael Jordan made it look like anybody could play golf. I mean play golf. Michael Jordan made it look like anybody could play basketball. People who are great make the thing they do look so effortless that it looks like, "Oh man, I could do that." But the reality is the reason it's effortless for them is because they put so much effort into mastering it. Are y'all tracking?
Type I am if you're tracking in the chat. Type it in the chat. Okay. So, that's mastery page four. We're talking today about lead generation. This is one of my favorite topics. Tomorrow, I'm going to show you how many leads we generated in the last 30 days. I don't know how many. I haven't looked at it. I won't look at it until tomorrow. I'll see it when you see it. But I know it's more than a thousand leads. It could be more than 2,000. Might be somewhere between a,000 and 2,000. Could be between two and 3,000. It's just different every month. But the reality is any business that's doing at least seven figures is generating at least a thousand leads a month. So you you want you want to benchmark to know that you like you're gonna if you if if a thousand people a month are giving you their name, their email address, and their phone number, Some of those people will buy. Like I look at business, my business is really struggling. How many leads did you generate last month? Seven. Well, that's why your business is struggling. But how do you know it's not my sales messaging? I don't know. It's not your sales messaging. I can't know that until you generate more leads. Okay. So, if indeed you're going to generate leads, the first thing you must do is you must define your offer. Define your lead generation offer. How do you define your lead generation offer? You do the thing that most entrepreneurs resist. the most the the first thing that you have to do is the thing that most entrepreneurs resist the most. You know what it is? Pick your people. Who are you going to help? And here's what you're tempted to say. Well, I help everybody. No, you don't. Now, if you're creating community service content, you can create that for everybody. But if you're generating leads, your lead generation efforts are not for everybody. They are for a specific person with a specific problem. So, you have to The question who are you going to help? Like I help authors, speakers, coaches, agency owners and other high level entrepreneurs. What is a high level entrepreneur? It could be a doctor, could be a lawyer, could be an architect, could be an investor. So you have to be specific on who you help. If I say, "Hey, maybe everybody looks, maybe nobody looks." If I say, "Hey, man." The women are not looking. If I say, "Hey, lady," the men are not looking. But if your name is John and I say, "Hey, John." All the John's are looking. Are y'all tracking? And so what we want to do is we want to make sure that our messaging is calling out a particular individual. So you pick your people. Who you going to help? Like I don't help I I mean I can, but my ideal avatar is not somebody in the home services business. Like unless that person in the home services business, let's say they have a landscaping business and they're really really successful at it and they want to learn how to coach other landscapers now I'm their guy. But if they want me to coach them on how to get more people whose landscaping they can do. I mean I could do that too but it's not really my sweet spot. Why? Because one of my rules of thumb when it comes to generating leads and when it comes to generating clients in particular is that I want to have an audience of people who when they make a sale they make a whole bunch of money. Why? Because if I do that I don't have to have as many clients. in order for me to make money and I don't have to generate them as much business. Like if if if every time you make a sale, you make $20,000 and I charge you $5,000. I generate one sale a month for you, you you'd pay me $5,000 a month for the rest of your natural life. Does that make sense to everybody? Yes. Type it in the chat if it makes sense. Okay. So, pick your people. Number two, pick their payoff. One of the biggest problems I see with entrepreneurs, y'all are picking your own payoff. Y'all are picking a payoff for other people. and then wonder why they don't buy the payoff that you picked for them. That's ridiculous. Like if somebody says, "My I really want to coach you on your golf game. I want to coach you on your short game." I'm going to say, "Get out of my face, bro. I promise you my short game is better than yours." But if it's somebody who can hit the ball 300 yards and they say, "My coach you on how to hit the ball 300 yards." That person I'm going to pay. And I already found the guy. That's what he does. He teaches people how to hit the ball 300 yards. He's going to coach me on how to he's going to get me back in the kind of shape where I can hit the ball 300 yards off the tea. Right? So, you can't you have you have to pick their payoff. In other words, you have to figure out what payoff they want, not pick people that you want to give them the payoff you want them to have. So, so pick your people. Who you going to help? Pick their payoff. What are you going to help them do? Whatever the answer to number two is, it has to be something they want done, not something that you just, well, I'm going to help them do this cuz I'm good at. Nobody cares. Nobody cares. I mean, nobody. Your mama don't care. Your daddy don't care. Your grandmama don't. Nobody cares what you want to do. Oh, I just want to do the thing. I just always wanted to start this kind of business. That is that is one of the worst ideas I've ever heard. I don't want to start a business I've always wanted to start. I only want to start the business that people always wanted to pay for the result. That's the only business I want to start. Okay. So, you pick your people. You pick their payoff. What are you going to help them do? And then you pick your price. What amount are you going to get paid? Now, when it comes to lead generating leads, you're not getting paid with money. You're getting paid with info. You're getting paid with details. They're giving you their name, their email address, and their phone number. Now, I'm going to teach you a couple things about lead generation. When you're generating leads for any business, I don't care if it's a doc, if it's a um if it's a medical practice, a law practice, if it's a landscaping business, if it's an agency, if you're an author, if you're a speaker, it doesn't matter. When you're generating leads, the less information you ask them for, the more leads you get. But the more information you ask them for, the better leads you get. Now, I would rather have fewer great leads than more jive leads, junky leads, trash leads. I don't want a bunch of people think people people like I wish my stopped emailing me so they opt out of my email list. Uh I loved you while you were here and I love you while you gone. But usa la vista baby. See you later alligator at the wild crocodile. Like I'm People who don't want to hear from me. I don't want them taking up space with my list. I have to pay. I have I have over 100,000 um subscribers to my email list. I have to pay the server for hosting those names on that server. So you going to leave? You think my feelings gonna get hurt? You want to go and buy nothing anyway? Bye baby. Bye. Okay. So, pick your price. What are you going to ask for? What I ask for when I'm generating leads, I ask for name, email address, and phone number. Why? Because I want to be able to reach them how I want to reach them. And if they don't want me to reach them how I want to reach them, they want probably want somebody else to reach them. I'm okay if they don't opt in. I'm okay if they don't give me their information. I am not desperate for what empty thing. Okay. Page five. After you define your offer, now you have to refine your offer. And I'm going to show you how to do this, by the way. You have to refine your offer. offer. What does refine your offer mean? It means have something good to say. H what does have something good to say? I'm going to show you what in a minute. I'm going to get up and draw on my trusty blackboard. I'm going to show you how to have something good to say. Have something good to say. Number two, have a good way to say it. One of the things I know in the VIP experience, the platinums probably think I'm really really hard on them, and I am. I am. I'm I'm intentionally hard on my VI my IP platums who are asking questions and I'm like that's not a question. No, stop. That's not a question. Why do I do that? Because that's what the marketplace is thinking when you're rambling. They just won't say it. They'll just disengage. Their eyes will start rolling back in their head and they'll wish that something would happen so that they could escape from your droning. Like, so I am hard on you because one of the things you're going to have to get good at if you're going to be a successful entrepreneur, you're going to have to be good at getting to the point. Because people don't want to wait for you to figure out what you mean. I don't mind waiting, but this is training and this is hardcore challenge training. This is not class training. Like, no, stop. That's not a question. I don't have a problem telling you that. Why? Because you paid me too much money for me not to be totally transparent with you. You deserve better. You deserve somebody to finally come along and tell you the truth. So, have something good to say. Have a good way to say it. And one of the ways to have a good way to say it is be clear. Okay? And then have a good time saying it often. Page six, confine the offer. This is this is one of my favorite things in the world to teach. I promise you if you will pay very close attention to what I am saying and do it verbatim, don't make don't translate it into your own version of what Myron said. Do it the way I'm about to tell you. It will change your life forever. So confine the offer. What does that mean? Well, when you understand the lead generation offer, I use what I call the CPA CPO formula. So um what that means is uh curiosity creation is first. That's the first thing you do is you create curiosity. That is why by the way that if I ever catch you putting a video on an opt-in form like on a page where you're giving away something for free in exchange for their information. If I ever catch you putting a video on one of those, I'm going to come get your family and take them to safety. Okay? Because we do not put videos on opt-in forms. Why? Because videos give too much information and kill the curiosity. Now they don't want they feel like they learned it already. They don't need to opt in. The less you say, the more it works when it comes to lead generation. So curiosity creation is first. Cool. Pain agitation is second. And I'm I'm about to blow your ever loving mind. You'll never be the same. Hallelujah. Pain agitation is second. Okay. And lastly, offer to opt in is third. So, I'm going to go over to my trusty board. I'm going to show you exactly how this works, even though I just lost my workbook. I think that's the right one. Yeah. Okay. Go over to my trusty Blackboard. It it it absolutely blows my mind to smitherreens that there are marketers who are making seven figures who don't understand this principle. They would be making so much more if they understood this principle. So this is your potential prospect and the reason like if you have an opt-in funnel opt-in funnel means if you have optin means they have the option to put in their name, email, address and phone number. That's why we call it opt-in op. E T I N opt in means they have the option to put in their name, email, address, and phone number. Okay, y'all tracking? Okay, this guy's got he's all whack whacked out. Two different size legs, two different size arms. Okay, so so here's you're talking to your prospect. Here's why this person's not giving you their name and email address. Because your opt-in funnel is leading them towards pleasure. And I'm going to show you exactly what I mean. That is the biggest mistake in lead generation that business owners make. Well, the biggest mistake is not doing lead generation at all. The second biggest mistake is leading people towards pleasure. Well, what what does it look like to lead them towards pleasure? When let's say you teach financial literacy or you teach business optimization and you say seven steps, seven simple steps to seven figures, get your free report. Nobody shut up. Right? Nobody believes that. Right? Remember, well, I'll prove it to you in a minute. Like that does not work. Or let's say you're you got a weight loss offer, how to lose seven pounds with seven exercises in the next seven days. No, they don't believe you. If you take, by the way, when I talk about this, I'm talking about generating leads from cold traffic. Okay? So, let's talk about traffic. You have three different kinds of traffic. You have you have cold traffic. That's people who don't know you exist and they don't know your offer exists. They're cold traffic. You're they're completely unfamiliar with you. Then you have warm traffic. These are people who know you, maybe like you a little bit, maybe trust you some, but you know, if you put out a 10 or $20,000 offer, they're not buying it. Put out something for a $20 book, they might buy it, right? That's your warm audience. Warm audience, it's a little different. You can get away with moving people towards pain if they're warm audience. Hot audience, you can say anything you want to. That's what's hot. Someone who just loves you and they just want to I just want to do business with you. Okay, that that person you that that person you can move them towards pleasure all day long. But cold traffic, the only thing you can do to generate leads or the best thing you can do to generate leads from cold traffic is move them away from pain not towards pleasure. Now understand that towards pain I mean towards pain towards pain towards pleasure and away from pain are in the same direction but they are not the same objective. And you and you have to emphasize in your lead generation to cold traffic, you're moving them away from their pain. Would you like me to show you what I mean?
Yes.
Yes. Let me know in the chat. Yes or yes? People in the room said yes. Okay, cool. So, here it is. Here's how you do it. Instead of saying seven steps to seven figures, here's what you say. You say the seven biggest, all caps, by the way, seven biggest mistakes. um business I'm just going to abbreviate that owners make that keep them from seven figures. The seven biggest mistakes business owners make that keep them from seven figures that will outperform seven steps to seven figures somewhere between 10 to one and 100 to one. Why? Because they're moving you're moving them away from pain. Instead of saying seven um seven exercises to lose seven pounds in seven days, say the seven foods you must avoid unless you want to be fatter than Santa Claus for the rest of your life. People are gonna opt into that. Why? Because you're moving them away from pain. And so what you have to do is you have to learn to talk to people the way that makes sense to them instead of talking pe to people the way that makes sense to you. You have to join the conversation they have going on in their mind instead of attempting to get them to join the conversation you have going on in yours. And if you do this, it changes the game. Now, I'm going to prove this to y'all cuz some some of y'all still don't believe me. So, let's say we're here in Tampa. Let's say you go downtown to Today there's a guy standing on a street corner and he's saying, "Hey, free $20 bills. Free $20 bills. Free $20 bills. Are you going to go get your friend $20 bill?" You're like, "Nobody gives away $20 bills." And so you're going to ignore that person. And while you're walking around trying to ignore that person, trying to get past them with what is this crazy person doing? You trip. You hit your head on this telephone pole. Oh my goodness. Or the stop sign post. Your head's bleeding. You got blood coming down your face. You got blood on your shirt. And that guy was giving away free $20 bills. He comes over and he says, "Here, here, take my handkerchief, put it on your head, and you take this dude's snot rag and put it on your open wound." And then he says, "I don't have a phone with me." Um, give me your phone. I want you need to call 11. This looks really bad. And then you give them your phone. You say, "What's your password?" And then you give them your password so they can call 911 because you know you're bleeding and you don't know how bad is this going to be. And the same person you wouldn't take a free $20 bill from, you put their snot rag on your open wound, and gave them your cell phone password. Why? Because now they turned into a person who's helping you out of pain. That is like I'm just talking about human nature. And what you've got to do is you got to learn to work with human nature because when you work with human nature, human nature works for you. When you work against human nature, human nature works against you. And you cannot win that battle. I would recommend highly that you do not get in a fight with human nature. You are going to lose. And I am telling you and I'll show you tomorrow. I am telling you the reason we have an eight figureure business and I work part-time is because I have mastered lead generation. And this is one of the things that will change the game forever for you. We do y'all understand we never run out of people to sell stuff to. My how do I find people to sell my stuff to? You're asking the wrong question. How could you possibly hope to get the right answer? Say, "What do you mean you write the wrong question?" How do I find people to sensitive to? I don't find people to sensitive. I don't I'm not I don't find anybody. I I I don't remember the last time I found somebody to sell something to. They find me. Would y'all like to know a better question? Yes. Type yes in the chat if you want to know a better question than how do I find people to sell stuff to? Okay, here's a better question. How do I make myself findable, more findable for people who would already like to buy what I'd already like to sell? I just came back from California. I have never lived in California. I have very few friends in California. I know very few people in California. I just came back from California. I went to California to do an event. An event that we started promoting about four weeks before we went, maybe it was even three weeks. Three weeks before we went out there. Three weeks. We promoted this event for three weeks. We sold 212 tickets to this event. I didn't find any of those people. I never saw them before. They found me. Are y'all understanding what I'm saying right now, you got to make yourself more findable. Do you understand? There are people in the world right now looking for the stuff you sell. And the reason they have to buy buy it from somebody else is because you did not make yourself findable enough for them to buy it from you. Okay, cool. I'm going to stop ranting a little, but don't get your hopes up. Right. Okay. So, so that was page six. Page seven, why do people opt in? Why is somebody Why is a stranger going to give you their name, their phone, phone number and their email address site unseen. They don't even know where it's going when they push the button. Why? Because they know they have a painful problem. That's why they're already in pain. They've been in agony about the same thing for the last three and a half years. And now all of a sudden, somebody comes along and says, "Hey, I can solve that problem for you." So, Roberto Gonzalez was here this morning in studio for our YouTube live. Um, Pastor Lejan Cole introduced me to him, who also comes to our studio. for for our money million-dollar Mondays and our Bible studies. He introduced me to him. Well, I was looking for somebody to restore my 1968 Pontiac GTO convertible. Le John brings Roberto to my off Robert to my office, I mean to our studio. He introduces him to me. He's going to have my car done in a couple weeks. Why? Because he didn't have to talk me into it. I was looking for somebody. Like we were literally me and my brother Rob both looking actively looking for somebody who could restore this car and make it look like it came off the factory floor. And all of a sudden this guy who's written books on the subject. He's owned all kinds of automobile shops and has restored all kinds of cars comes by and says, "Yeah, we can do that for you." Like, "Oh, this is so great." Right? There are people out there looking for you right now just like I was looking for for Robert Gonzalez. Okay, so y'all get it. They know they have a painful problem. They believe you have a powerful solution. Like I literally have Robert's books about his car restoration business on my desk. I know he's good. I don't have to hope he's good. How cool is that? They believe you have a powerful solution. And they believe they'll find closure. Like when I get this car back, I don't know. Y'all might not see me in another one. Like I'm the Rolls-Royce going to stay parked in the garage. The Mercedes going to stay parked in the garage. My wife I'm the Cadillac. I'm getting in the convertible. I'm in the Oh, the 68. What? I wanted that car my whole life and I finally got it and it needed a paint job and some body work. And now I mean he's doing the engine. He's going to make sure everything is like ah it's going to be pured like a kitten when it comes back. Child, please. Okay. Anyway, I'm a little excited about my GTO getting anyway. Okay. Why people opt in? They opt in because they know they have a painful problem. They believe you have a powerful solution. Why? Because you've done something that I mentioned in the VIP experience this morning. You've proved to them that you can help them by actually helping them over and over and over again. Why do people listen to me? I did a video this morning um on layoff proof income. Like layoff proof your income, right? Um um layoff proof your income. And let me see here. Um I'm going to look and see this video. I went live on YouTube. at um at 10:00 a.m. this morning. It's now almost 1:00. That video from this morning has 6,500 views, right? Why Why do people want to watch me? Why? How do 6,500 people This video has a thou, 1100 watchtime hours since 10:00 a.m. this morning. Why? Because I've already proven to people over and over and over and over again on my YouTube channel that I can help them. How did I do it? I actually helped them. The more you are, the less you have to talk. Okay, so you got it. Now, um, what do people opt in for? Page eight. Page eight. What do people opt in for? Well, they opt in for a printed lead magnet, which could, for example, could be a special report, an ebook, a script, a calendar, a system, a list, or formula. I would recommend make your optin your, we call it a lead magnet. The thing you give them for free in exchange for their name, email address, and phone number. Make it as easily consumable as possible, but it still has to have an impact, right? It could be like a cheat sheet for scripts for overcoming objections if you teach sales, right? It could be whatever. You just you just want to make sure that it doesn't you don't want to give somebody something that takes them seven hours to like wade through. Okay. Okay. Or an audio lead magnet, for example. Some music, a lesson, a sermon, a lecture, or some comedy or a formula. Um or a video lead magnet, for example, a tutorial, a lesson, a sermon, a lecture, some comedy, or a formula. Now, here's a caveat with what people opt in for. If somebody finds you on a video platform, don't give them a lead magnet they have to read. Give them a video. Why? They've already demonstrated they like watching videos. Does that make sense? They find you on YouTube and then you send them something they have to read. You send them an ebook. That doesn't make sense. Send them a video. Why? They've already proven they like If they find you on an audio podcast, send them an audio. Why? They've already demonstrated they like audios. But if they find you on a blog, send them something to read. What's that called? Working with human nature. Okay. So, somebody said, "I thought you said no videos on the opt-in funnel." That's right. You don't put the video on the opt-in funnel. The video is the lead magnet. The thing you send them after they give you their name, email, address, and phone number. You don't put your video on the thing where you're asking them to give you their name, email, email address and phone number. So hopefully that clarified it. Great question. Thank you for asking that Adrian. Hopefully that was helpful. Okay, so everybody tracking?
Okay, now when people give you their do not fumble on the one yard line, do not fumble on the one yard line. What would f fumbling on the one yard line look like? Um it looks like like underwhelming them when they show up. So when people like when they give you their name, email, address, and phone number, and you send them something and the thing you sent them was junk, all you're doing is letting people know how terrible you are, right? So when people opt in, overwhelm them with awesome. Make them think, "How in the world could this person possibly afford to give me this thing for free." That's how good the free thing needs to be. The free thing needs to be so good that if you would have sold it, people wouldn't be asking for a refund. Never give away for free anything you could not have sold for a profit. Y'all trying Okay. So, how do you overwhelm people with awesome? You teach them something valuable. You have to teach them something that brings value into their life. Number two, you inspire them with something hopeful. You have to show them how good their life could look if they get this thing handled. Is I hope what I'm saying is making sense. And then you empower them with something useful. You have to give them something they can use. Like for instance, like what I'm giving you right now. This is useful. This is something you can go do something with today. A. Right. Okay. That's what you do. Now, let's get to the homework. Every day of the challenge, we're going to have homework. Do your homework, boys and girls. Do your homework. Okay? So, seriously though, do your homework. Why? Because you can't teach a kid to ride a bike at a seminar. The purpose of this challenge is to get you to implement when we're not on this challenge. So, you have to do the homework if you want the results. So, First piece of homework, post a video testimonial about the book From the Trash Man to the Cash Man in the Facebook group in the Make More Offers Challenge number 52 Facebook group. Post a video testimonial in the challenge. Okay, that's number one. Um, now when you post that video in the challenge, make sure I mean in the Facebook group, make sure with your phone you're holding your phone this way horizontally, not vertically. Okay. When you are um creating a video, if you're creating a video for Instagram or Tik Tok or YouTube shorts, you hold your phone like this. If you're creating one for Facebook or you're creating one for YouTube, just a regular long form YouTube, you make sure your phone or your camera is like this. It's imperative that you do this. If you make your phone like this, when you're creating a video for Facebook or for YouTube, long form, you're going to have these two black lines on the sides and people are not going to be able to see you. And you're all you're doing is announcing to the world that you don't know what you're doing. That's all you're doing. So, make sure long form YouTube or Facebook, like a Facebook video, turn your phone sideways. Now, when you turn your phone sideways, make sure if you're going to put a title on the video, turn your phone sideways and type the title in while your phone is sideways. If you have your phone like this and you type the title in, when you turn the phone sideways, it's going to have your video, it's going to have your image laying sideways. Did everybody get that? Does that that make sense? So, You start with your phone like this. You put your title in and then you start filming. Okay? Or you start recording it because there's no film obviously in this camera. So you start recording. Okay? Now I know I know what some of you are thinking. This guy just wants testimonials. Trust me, I don't. We already have thousands. I don't need any more video testimonials about the trash man, the cash man. So why are you having us do it then? Because if I told you to go create a video to teach people how to do the thing that you do, y'all start, I don't know what to say. I don't know what to wear. Like I make it easy. Just talk about something you care about. If you haven't read From the Trash Man to the Cash Man, you don't have to post a video about it. Right. Right. So, if you haven't you haven't read the book, like Ken said, I haven't read the book, then don't do it. But the next one, post a video testimonial in the Facebook group about your experience with the challenge and if you'd recommend it to other people. Don't need videos for that either. We have thousands. Why do I have you do it? Because one of the things that you're going to have to do is you're going to have to get good at posting content on social daily if you want to attract a big enough audience to get to the place where you can generate create a thousand leads a month. And so all I'm doing is getting you in the practice without freaking you out and overwhelming you about what to talk about. You can figure that out later. Let's develop the habit first. Let's develop the habit of recording something and posting it daily. Let's do that this week. All of us can do that. I post like we have I we literally post content multiple times per day across the internet. That's why I'm so easy to find. Like I feel sorry for all the other people in the world who name is Myron Golden because they have to swim through the waterfall of my images and my like links that refer to me before they can even find themselves. Okay, so number two, post a video testimonial about the in the Facebook group about your experience with the challenge. Number three, create an optinfunnel headline. What's an optin funnel headline? The seven biggest mistakes XYZ make that keep them from ABC result. Okay, create a lead magnet. In other words, whatever the thing is you're going to give away, create the outline for that thing. You don't have to record anything. Just like create a written lead magnet. If you're giving away the seven biggest mistakes, figure out what those seven biggest mistakes are. Get it like so you have it to give away. I literally I I remember when I built my first website back in 2005, I said, "Okay, I've got to put a lead magnet on here. What am I going to do?" Oh, the 12 biggest mistakes network marketers make that keep their business from growing or something like that that keeps their organization from growing. That thing was downloaded over a hundred,000 times on the internet for network marketing. Okay. And it was an audio, by the way, for those of you who want to know. Okay. So, books and resources that I recommend, I recommend the Bible. Um, my two favorite versions of the Bible would be the King James version and the complete Jewish Bible. Those are my two faves. I also like the Reese Chronological Bible for those of you who are like chronological geeks and you want to read the Bible in the order in which it unfolded as opposed to the order in which it's um um what's the word? are collated. So, um, so I would recommend my book, From the Trash Man to the Cash Man: How Anyone Can Get Rich Starting from Anywhere. And Business Secrets from the Bible by Rabbi Daniel Laughen, Thou Shall Prosper by Rabbi Daniel Lapen, Stealing from God by Frank Turk, Words That Sell by Richard Bon, Exactly What to Say by uh, Phil Jones, and Innovation Secrets of Steve Jobs by Carmine Gallow. Those are the books I recommend, and you can find all of those books at myron Golden AMZ. That way you don't have to go looking all over the place. That is my Amazon storefront. And if you buy those books from my Amazon storefront, I'm probably going to get rich and be able to retire. Okay, just kidding. Um, I'll make 15 cents a book or whatever it is they pay me. I'm not even sure what it is. A couple dollars a book. So, and if you don't want me to make a couple of dollars a book, just go to Amazon and buy. There you go. All right, my peeps. Appreciate y'all. Do your homework. I'm going to be watching your homework, by the way, in the Facebook group. I watch the I watch the videos. Like, I want to see who's engag age. I want to see who's locked and loaded so I can know who my people are, right? So we can go on this journey together. All right, my peeps. Stay blessed by the best and I will see y'all tomorrow. The VIPs. I'll see you tomorrow at 11 general mission. See you tomorrow at noon. Aa Vista, baby. All right, I'm out. Bye for now.
Thank you everyone. Just a kind reminder that the replays are available until 11:00 a.m. Eastern time tomorrow. For the general admission, you can find them in the Facebook group. And for the VIPs, we will upload them into membership portal. Thank you everyone and see you tomorrow. Bye.